gh-87691: add an absolute path pathlib example in / operator docs (#100737)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

Operators
^^^^^^^^^

> The slash operator helps create child paths, mimicking the behaviour of
> :func:`os.path.join`. For instance, when several absolute paths are given, the
> last is taken as an anchor; for a Windows path, changing the local root doesn't
> discard the previous drive setting::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slash operator helps create child paths, like :func:`os.path.join`. 
If the argument is an absolute path, all previous path components are thrown away.
On Windows, the drive letter is not reset when a rooted driveless component 
(e.g., `r'\foo'`) is encountered::
```

We actually use `os.path.join()` under the hood now, so 'mikicking the behaviour' is perhaps misleading. Suggest simplifying to "like os.path.join()"

I don't much like "taken as an anchor" because the last absolute path component can contribute _more_ than just the anchor (where I'm defining "anchor" per pathlib). I also don't like 'changing the local root', as the root _doesn't_ change in the example given.

   >>> q = PurePath('bin')
   >>> '/usr' / q
   PurePosixPath('/usr/bin')

>    >>> p / '/another' / 'absolute' / 'path'
>    PurePosixPath('/another/absolute/path')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> p / '/usr' / 'lib64'
   PurePosixPath('/usr/lib64')
```

It's fairly easy to miss the leading `/`. Using a well-known top-level path like '/usr/lib64' might help readers understand what's happening here.

Author: I agree with the problem, which is why I tried to make the path self-descriptive.
The reason I didn't use `/usr/lib` is because it looks a lot like the previous examples, so it's easy for users to miss what's happening.

I think just `p / "/an_absolute_path"` would be clearer. I'll make this change, let me know if you still think the example would be confusing for readers!

Reviewer: Yep I think you're right. For some reason I naturally assume that the string literals are 'dummy values' that can be ignored when trying to understand the concept. Your new version is perfect IMO.
